Added link to desktop installation docs for quick reference (#6965)
mattermost/docs: source/preferences/customize-desktop-app-experience.rst

    .. tab:: Linux

>         `Install the Mattermost desktop app </collaborate/install-desktop-app.html#install-and-update-the-mattermost-desktop-app>`__ to access additional desktop app customization settings. Select **File > Settings...** from the **More** |more-icon-vertical| icon located in the top left corner of the desktop app. 

Author: ```suggestion
        When you `install the Mattermost desktop app </collaborate/install-desktop-app.html#install-and-update-the-mattermost-desktop-app>`__, you can access additional desktop app customization settings. Select **File > Settings...** from the **More** |more-icon-vertical| icon located in the top left corner of the desktop app. 
```

>         When you `install the Mattermost desktop app </collaborate/install-desktop-app.html#install-and-update-the-mattermost-desktop-app>`__, you can access additional desktop app customization settings by selecting **File > Settings...** from the **More** |more-icon-vertical| icon located in the top left corner of the desktop app. 

Author: ```suggestion
        When you `install the Mattermost desktop app </collaborate/install-desktop-app.html#install-and-update-the-mattermost-desktop-app>`__, you can access additional desktop app customization settings by selecting **File > Settings...** from the **More** |more-icon-vertical| icon located in the top left corner. 
```

    .. tab:: Mac

>         `Install the Mattermost desktop app </collaborate/install-desktop-app.html#install-and-update-the-mattermost-desktop-app>`__ to access additional Desktop App customization settings. Select **Mattermost > Preferences** from the menu bar.

Author: ```suggestion
        When you `install the Mattermost desktop app </collaborate/install-desktop-app.html#install-and-update-the-mattermost-desktop-app>`__, you can access additional Desktop App customization settings by selecting **Mattermost > Preferences** from the menu bar.
```

    .. tab:: Windows

>         `Install the Mattermost desktop app </collaborate/install-desktop-app.html#install-and-update-the-mattermost-desktop-app>`__ to access additional Desktop App customization settings. Select **File > Settings...** from the **More** |more-icon-vertical| icon located in the top left corner of the desktop app. 

Author: ```suggestion
        When you `install the Mattermost desktop app </collaborate/install-desktop-app.html#install-and-update-the-mattermost-desktop-app>`__, you can access additional Desktop App customization settings by selecting **File > Settings...** from the **More** |more-icon-vertical| icon located in the top left corner of the desktop app. 
```

>         When you `install the Mattermost desktop app </collaborate/install-desktop-app.html#install-and-update-the-mattermost-desktop-app>`__, you can access additional Desktop App customization settings by selecting **File > Settings...** from the **More** |more-icon-vertical| icon located in the top left corner of the desktop app. 

Author: ```suggestion
        When you `install the Mattermost desktop app </collaborate/install-desktop-app.html#install-and-update-the-mattermost-desktop-app>`__, you can access additional desktop app customization settings by selecting **File > Settings...** from the **More** |more-icon-vertical| icon located in the top left corner of the desktop app. 
```
